docs: Add info about packages not having the same command (#1014)
vercel/turborepo: docs/pages/docs/features/pipelines.mdx

Each key in the [`pipeline`](../reference/configuration#pipeline) object is the name of a task that can be executed by [`turbo run`](../reference/command-line-reference#turbo-run-task1-task2-1). You can specify its dependencies with the [`dependsOn`](../reference/configuration#dependson) key beneath it as well as some other options related to [caching](./caching).

> Packages that doesn't have this task in its `package.json` list of `scripts` will be ignored. For example, if a package may not have a "build" step, this is not a problem for Turborepo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Packages that do not have have this script defined in their `package.json` list of `scripts` will be ignored and skipped over.
```

> IPackages that doesn't have this task in its `package.json` list of `scripts` will be ignored. For example, if a package may not have a "build" step, this is not a problem for Turborepo.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Packages that doesn't have this task in its `package.json` list of `scripts` will be ignored. For example, if a package may not have a "build" step, this is not a problem for Turborepo.
```
